playstation: clarify only on saas (#14262)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/playstation/index.mdx

You can also use Sentry's [Unity](/platforms/unity/game-consoles/) and [Unreal Engine SDKs](/platforms/unreal/game-consoles/) with PlayStation.

<Alert>

> PlayStation support is exclusive to our SaaS offering, as it depends on confidential components that cannot be distributed for self-hosted use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PlayStation support is exclusive to [sentry.io](https://sentry.io/) customers, as it depends on confidential components that cannot be distributed for self-hosted use.
```
This is pretty opinionated but it felt clearer to me, your call though!
